I really know how much more to explain
it you know how long do you know mark I
don't know you know I went to England
with the dude when I was a fuck I'll
tell you right now hood since 92 oh yeah
August of 92 let me see your photo in
there that phone is amazing well
basically we I went on a Black Label
trip and I was just like just kind of in
awe of the dude and next I don't know we
just we started skating and we kind of
just was to hanging out like it was just
like automatic friends it was hell a
trippy no I was like this dude's tight
and then like we started like just doing
little tricks and shit I made up some
trick because I didn't know is a
pressure flip would like look like a
kickflip or heel flip and I was like
look I made this trick up I did this
straight brush let me Saul Jerry flip or
whatever night was a little named my
trick like it smelt off like it's stupid
whatever but hope I was tight it all no
we just got a lot it's always just been
like cut on a level didn't you know how
like I'm mad respect for market I don't
think he's crazy it off straight up hmm
straight up
he rides all kinds of bikes marks multi
bike penalty as everything right but
fuck one time one night we're riding it
was me
Julian and Mark with just us three we're
riding mark was taking on so right and
he was flexing for us in front of us
right he was like doing all kinds of
crazy shit right everyone's just looking
at him like what the fuck you know
bobbing through traffic going nuts
everything and she fucking starts riding
without hands and he starts fucking just
jam and he's like yo make it all kinds
of noise and shit going through traffic
without my hands and me and Julian are
just like looking at each other like
dude this is crazy Nelson
yeah just fucking hits the ground and
just just fucking slams so gnarly and
his fucking both tires were bent and
fucking talk on he fucking get he
fucking gets off his get through the
bike together oh I can start stomping on
the fucking rims fixes the rim so
they're fucking semi straight or
whatever fucking the front tires flat
and he's just fucking hops back on it no
hands like starts doing it again and I
was just like